hi everyone how are you guys doing I
hope you're all doing great and welcome
back to another of my videos today we
are going to prepare a very very easy
and delicious recipe we're going to make
rock shrimp tempura this is one of my
favorite favorite all-time recipes so
really we're going to enjoy this video
and before it start the Spanish word I'm
going to teach you guys today is how to
say shrimp in Spanish it's very very
easy gum I don't got madam so I really
hope you guys enjoy this video and let's
get started for this recipe we're going
to need 1 pound of shrimp peeled and
deveined and we're going to soak them in
a bowl of milk
exactly 1/2 a cup of milk and we're
going to set it aside meanwhile we're
going to do our sauce we're making the
sauce we're gonna need three basic
ingredients we'll have a cup of mayo 2
tablespoons of CHS sauce 3 tablespoons
of sweet chili sauce and basically what
we're going to do is we're going to
combine everything till we get this
colored sauce
you
now we're going to combine 1/2 a cup of
breadcrumbs with half a cup of corn
starch
we then heat some oil in a deep fryer
until it reaches 350 degrees Fahrenheit
and we're going to take the shrimp from
the milk and we're going to coat with
cornstarch mixture and drop them into
the fur
try to do them in batches so you can
cook it even pay and after three to five
minutes or until they're light gold
Brown remove them from the oil and
allowed them to dry on a paper towel
once all the shrimps have been cooked
and dry toss them in a bowl with the wet
sauce
this can be served as an appetizer you
can put them into small little bowls or
you can serve it as a main dish are you
like adding some chopped scallions to my
rock shrimp tempura it gives a really
really nice flavor and total this is how
you make a very creamy and crunchy rock
shrimp tempura I really hope you guys
enjoy this video if you did please
remember to like it or thumbs up to
comment down below and of course to
subscribe to my channel so you can check
out my videos every single Thursday ok I
sent you
lots but lots of kisses and see you next
time
Alyssa